1. Terms and conditions

By accessing https://draw-with.trinhdvt.tech, you agree to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws, and regulations and agree that you are responsible for
compliance with it. If you disagree, you are prohibited from entering this website and playing draw-with.trinhdvt.tech.
We reserve the right to change the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy at any time.
Your continued use of the website after changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of such changes.
The materials on this site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark.
DrawWithUs encourages parents to instruct their children never to share personal information online. Parents who are concerned about transferring their children's
personal information may contact us.

2. License to use

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

3. Limitations

In no event will DrawWithUs or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages resulting from the inability to use
the game. We do not accept any responsibility for external links sent by the user or user-generated content such as messages, profile images, or words. The content
of these publications does not mean that we endorse the material. We are not liable for any loss, damage, or inconvenience you may experience due to sending these
materials. We are also not responsible for any damage you may suffer due to the game being temporarily or permanently unavailable for maintenance or due to
technical problems.

4. Applicable law

These terms and conditions are ruled and construed under the laws of Vietnam, and you irrevocably submit yourself to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in this
State or place.

5. User Conduct

You must treat all users with respect and comply with the updated website's terms, conditions, and policies. Respect the other users of the game. Inappropriate
language and inappropriate behavior are prohibited. That way, the author can be banned from the site. We are not responsible for user content, posts, chat, and
other types of communication. Users are responsible for their actions and all the consequences that may arise from there.

You agree not to take any action such as:

a) Distribute, make available, write in the chat, the field of responses and / or design any content that we deem to be: defamatory, abusive, harassing, insulting,
threatening, intolerant, vulgar, sexually explicit, intolerant, defending illegal activities, doing discrimination, be it social, religious, racial, sexual,
political, sport, age, origin, nationality, color, disease, religion, religion or belief. marital status, family situation or any characteristic that excludes the
person socially or causes embarrassment thereof, being directed to any player, family, friends or any other person outside the site. Drawings containing any quoted
content may be canceled at the match and the player may be banned from the site.
b) Post, distribute, make available or transmit any information, text, message or other material that violates any right of a third party or any national or
international law, rule or regulation, including but not limited to:
- Copyrights, patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights;
- Right to privacy (specifically, you should not distribute personal information of another person without any express permission) or publicity;
c) Advertise or sell products, services or other (for-profit or non-profit);
d) Post, distribute, make available or transmit any software or other computer file that contains a virus or other harmful component;
e) Represent any person or entity or misrepresent its identity with any person or entity;
f) Engaging in antisocial or destructive acts;
g) Create or use any server emulator;
h) Exclude any legal notices, exemptions or proprietary notices, such as copyright or trademark symbols, or modify any logo that you do not have or have express
permission to modify;
i) Use nicknames that we consider offensive, inappropriate or that you are not authorized to use, in which case you may be banned from the site.

6. Considerations

If you believe that another user's behavior violates these Terms and Conditions, please let us know by emailing trinhvideo123@gmail.com. We will take reasonable steps to
properly investigate and handle any breach by the Data Protection Regulation. We will not be liable for any loss, damage, or inconvenience you suffer due to the
actions of another user. Any claim should be directed against the responsible user. We also reserve the right to comply with any request or cooperate with law
enforcement officials regarding identifying any user who assumes to use the website in violation of the law.